This fire marshall you'll learn a lot about HTP client and a few lectures ago I introduced to events
which you can listen to by observing events like a scent event and so on.
Now let me take this for a step further and comment out this way of sending the request and will I'll
actually use a different one which allows us to listen to the progress our request and our response
have made which is super useful for uploading and downloading files but which can be used on any request.
So then you request your bike instantiating a new HTP request object and HTP request.
All needs to be imported from ET angle or common HTP.
Now it is just more advanced way of creating a request.
So instead of just using put we get.
We can create one from scratch put and get basically create pre-configured once it is super simple though.
If the request does constructor takes a couple of inputs the first one is the type of the request.
That's a string and here it's a put request.
Of course you can pass GET and POST and so on your to the second argument or pass here is do you or.
I want to target.
So that's of course the same you are.
As before reaching firebase the first argument here is the data I want to send.
So you're all just as before reach out to my recipe service and get my recipes.
And then there's a fourth argument which allows me to configure it.
The object was sent before.
So basically before we use put and we didn't have to specify that support that it's a request.
Here we have two recording or responding to progress only works on this type of HTP request though which
is well created like this.
So in these options here which are the same options we set before where we could observe the body and
so on.
Now set a different property report progress and I'll set it to true dates will give feedback about
the progress of this request and response and as mentioned this is super useful if you are uploading
or downloading something.
So your Ulsan to try to get this report.
I'll show you what this report looks like in a second.
And with that I'll now also pass a number configuration the parents because of course I still need to
pass this off parameter so HTP parents get substantiated and set off equal to that token I fetch just
as before.
So what that we're now listening or we're getting information about the progress.
Well let's save this and see what this looks like.
Keep in mind we're still Konsole logging everything we get here.
Though right now nothing is happening.
Why well because we only create at the request we're not executing it.
Keep in mind I'm just reading a new request and I'm storing it and constant to send it.
I now actually need to call my HDTV client and there before we sell put we saw get.
There's also a request Meffert where we simply pass a configured request.
So in this case this request you're passing it as an argument and not returned as I am still returning
observable which actually Holst's request we're sending.
Just like before.
So with that let's go back to this application.
Let's log in and let's Denn hit safe and see what gets printed to the console.
You see that we get the object of type 0.
Remember that was descent event but then we get to type 1 and free.
Now one is actually just the upload progress event and free SD download progress event.
This is again something you can look up any documentation but this is what it is and it makes sense
because we're sending something then we get to upload progress he bend which as it turns out is the
only one since our data was so small that everything happened so fast.
So we have a total amount of data.
We sent a 500 and we already sent 500.
So that is what we can read out of there.
Then we get the actual had a response at this point of time.
So just we had a response.
There is nobody in there.
Then we get to download progress event.
Also this happens very quickly and then we get the normal 8 to DP response with the body.
So here we only got one upload and one download progress even because the data was so small just some's
Jason data in the end.
Now you can certainly imagine that if you're up or downloading bigger files you of course get multiple
events printed and for DC events loaded and total is not going to be equal all the time.
Total is always the amount of data which needs to be transferred and loaded is what was transferred.
So you could for example show a progress bar by simply dividing a loaded by total and you have the percent
progress which you can output on the interface.
So data is something you have to be aware of and which might be handy if your are handling well especially
file up or downloads.